Do not set db if no client. (#41)
digitalbazaar/bedrock-mongodb: README.md

bedrock.start();
```

## Configuration

For documentation on database configuration, see [config.js](./lib/config.js).

### Connecting and Authenticating
MongoDB's documentation offers tons of great examples on how to authenticate
using a myriad number of connection strings.

[Mongo Node 3.5 Driver connect docs](http://mongodb.github.io/node-mongodb-native/3.5/tutorials/connect/)

[Mongo Node 3.5 Driver atlas docs](https://docs.mongodb.com/drivers/node#connect-to-mongodb-atlas)

> You can also connect to access-enabled mongo servers using some small changes to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also connect to mongo servers with authorization enabled using some small changes to the
```

`config.mongodb.connectOptions`:
```js
const {config} = require('bedrock');
config.mongodb.username = 'me';
config.mongodb.password = 'password';
const {connectOptions} = config.mongodb;
// optional, only required if connecting to a replicaSet
connectOptions.replicaSet = 'my_provider_replica_set';
// optional, but required in production by many providers
connectOptions.ssl = true;
// optional, only required if your provider requires tls 

> connectOptions.tls = true;

Reviewer: I don't understand the difference between the ssl and tls options? I would think they're the same thing? Would be helpful if the difference was pointed out in the comments.

> // the `authSource` option replaces the older `authDB` option
> // it should be specified or else it will be the `mongodb.name`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// `authSource` specifies the database containing the authorization information
// if not specified, `authSource` will be set to the value of `mongodb.name`
// the `authSource` option replaces the older `authDB` option
```
